that hit what on earth does that hit all
about imagine an airplane with a wing as
a matter of fact a lot of experimental
aircraft a little fraud wing right in
front of the airplane now the airplane
tilts this really helps you go up and
down and up and down the water is a very
very very thick medium much more dense
than air so you brought this head
flatten it out give it a sharp leading
edge cut all that hammerhead has to do
is slightly tilt up slightly tilt down
and it becomes extremely maneuverable
tight spaces can turn on a dime and can
go up and down it really helps the
maneuverability I have her head to half
that hit look at this hammerhead over
here you see how its rolled over on its
side an angelfish those are king angel
I've come up off from the reef and
they're picking parasites off but this
is a cleaning station perhaps that's one
reason that they show up here to get
plea
see it slowed down rolls over on its
side a little bit fish coming off the
reef leaving it you see it's barely
moving that's a king angelfish on top of
it all of these little yellow fish are
actually butterfly fish called Barbour
fish two species matter of fact two
families of fish cleaning that shark
right now there must be oh I don't know
five or six butterfly fish leaving a
mess we speak here comes the whole
nother group of butterflies so they'll
just come in in circles like this spin
around a little bit get cleaned for a
while and then wander off and join the
pack I'm back around again throughout
the day this will happen
time time time again here's another one
here this one's moving too fast you
notice the fish that stopped clean that
one he just passed right by say no when
that shark wants to be clean because
they'll slow down it's almost all
what a dive what a place and what a
finish it was great to finally see
hammerheads so close up
during decompression I took the time to
look up at the tremendous views around
these volcanic spires and was mesmerised
one final time by the pristine wonder of
Coco's and it's helped the abundance of
life